What time was I wrong? Please forgive me.
Oh, how should I punish you?
Don't break my mouth
Sister, please say something
What do you want for seven days?
Don't make everyone want to stare at you
Kick him out
Don't be too arrogant in the future
Hey
Hey let go of my brother
Why did you kick my brother out for seven days?
Don't be too strong
You think about it.
How did you threaten me just now?
Break my leg
Then hang on to me
He looked cocky.
I just threw him out and ran
Just say I'm a little fresh meat
What an internationally renowned
Double label, don't make excuses
That's different.
What's the difference?
I just asked you for the amount.
I also gave you a chance to apologize
It's you who don't cherish it
Intercede you said
Just for these guys who look down on people
Kneel?
Don't you need to apologize for just barging in?
What makes you think I barged in?
The invitations are gone
He said he wasn't used to it.
How do you call for an invitation letter?
Special invitation and invitation letter